While there is a lot of work to be done on a local level, there's an unprecedented global
effort to provide spiritual food to all of God's people.
Under the direction of the teaching committee of the governing body, the audio video services
department or AVS takes the lead in producing audio and video publications.
It's been said that if a picture is worth a thousand words, then a video is worth a
million videos stir our emotions, don't they?
And they can be very powerful teaching tools.
Brother Russell recognized this fact.
Back in 1914, the small group of Bible students presented the photodrama of creation to
over nine million people worldwide.
And the response was overwhelming.
It was clear that Jehovah blessed their efforts at spreading the Bible's message in a visual
way.
Well, over a hundred years later, the faithful discrete slave is producing videos.
And for many years, basically, one large public release video was being released or produced
each year.
For example, back in 2011, the video faith and action part two was released.
It required a tremendous effort to produce the video master, the audio tracks, the graphics,
the music, the on-screen text for one video.
However, just five years later, the work has grown from producing an average of one
video per year to one video per day.
This is because videos are now a regular part of our website, the broadcasts, our ministry,
the conventions, meetings, and other special events.
In 2016, more than 350 videos were produced.
Under the direction of the teaching committee, audio video services has been entrusted with
this work.
But with this rapid increase in the amount of videos produced, how is all this accomplished?
Perhaps you've heard the expression, it takes a village.
In this case, it takes an entire globe.
Please enjoy the following video for a close-up look at how audio and video work is accomplished
worldwide.
Ready?
Action.
To assist with the growing workload in audio video services, the governing body has approved
11 full-time regional video teams in branches around the world.
But it doesn't stop there.
Bethelites, commuters, and remote workers in many other branches also provide valuable
assistance.
How do we work with all these teams?
After receiving direction from the governing body committees for upcoming videos, AVS then
assigns each video to a capable team.
Once the team accepts the assignment, we provide them with a necessary direction as well
as answer any questions they may have.
Then the team goes to work.
Because of being a small group, each team member may have to wear multiple hats to get
the job done.
From start to finish, they all work very hard to deliver a completed edited video to
us by the designated time.
Later you may see these videos on JW Broadcasts, JW.org or other places.
Would you like to meet some of our RVT family?
It's a privilege.
We meet friends who have suffered some hardships and trials.
But because of their trust in Jehovah, they were able to overcome them and we see the
results of their loyalty.
I think it strengthens our determination to also stay loyal.
We are a joyful team, with a lot of humour, and we work together very harmoniously.
You could say that we are like a little family.
We look forward to the next day when we go to work again.
It's unbelievable how many dear brothers and sisters we've gotten to know through
these projects.
This ties can develop and it is not uncommon that tears flow when the project is over and
it is time to say goodbye.
Sometimes we would film on private or state property and I would have to approach the
manager and let them know what we were planning to shoot at the location.
This wasn't easy for me because I'm not very good with words.
And many people in Korea tend to have a biased view of Jehovah's Witnesses so this made
it even harder for me.
So I pray to Jehovah asking for his guidance and wisdom.
I was surprised to find that many were more than willing to help us.
These experiences helped me to realise that Jehovah always answers our prayers for strength
and courage.
You have to balance your time around work, around being ahead of family, being an elder
or other responsibilities that you have with congregation.
That's when you really see Jehovah's Hand when you see the mountain of challenge but you
overcome it and you know it wasn't you.
It was impossible for you to do it yourself.
When I put even half the amount of energy and effort that I do into working for Jehovah
into something secular, I'm wiped out I need a vacation.
But the more I put into working for Jehovah, the more I want to work.
To know that you are offering your skills to Jehovah, that is a blessing.
But really the blessing is seeing your relationship with Jehovah thrive and be stronger and you
can see that he does keep his promises and that he supports you more than you're supporting
him.
Many of us aren't able to be full-time bethulites but commuting really helps us get that
small snippet of what it's like to be a bethulite and realise what a privilege it is.
And if you've got a specific talent, use it.
One day in paradise someone's going to come to you and say, how did you use your talent?
Maybe you're brilliant artist and you can proudly turn around and say, you know what, I used
for Jehovah.
Even if you're young, you can learn skills and you can really assist Jehovah's organisation
now and in the future.
And there is no better boss to work for than Jehovah.
My advice to young ones, go for it.
During this past year, we were excited to add a new team to our AVS family located in
Miroloma, California.
All in this group have made themselves available for video needs out there.
You're able to take a person, you're able to take an individual that has dedicated their
life to Jehovah.
And maybe they didn't know at the time that they were going to inspire somebody else and
have somebody somewhere across the planet say, wow, that's exactly my life too.
I am so glad that this person was selected to be on here because that's my life.
And that has triggered me to want to do more for Jehovah.
You know, Jehovah's Holy Spirit, he's putting together a team, he's the great producer.
And what he really wants is he wants people that have the talent, but he wants people that
have the Holy Spirit more and are willing to work for it.
But he gives you the ability, like a holy ab and bezel, to be able to put your talents
that you've learned to work for him.
As you can see, we're part of a beautiful, hard-working, global team.
With so many hands helping the load in so many time zones, we're literally working on
videos 24-7.
It's a great privilege to work alongside our extended family.
We learn from each other.
They're willing spirit, humble attitude, and contagious joy inspire all of us here in
ABS.
Additionally, we receive incredible support right at home to virtually every department
at Bethel supports the audio video work in some way, and we are very, very thankful.
With everyone's help, the Bible's message is being spread visually throughout the earth
at unprecedented levels.
But how is any of this possible?
Brother Russell said it best.
This is not man's work, it's God's.
Jehovah is certainly at the helm.
As he foretold at Haggai chapter 2 and verse 7, I will shake all the nations and the precious
things of all the nations will come in, and I will fill this house with glory.
There is certainly a great shaking taking place worldwide, and many of these precious ones
are offering themselves willingly to help audio video services accomplish this great
work.
Thanks to Jehovah God, our grand and visual instructor.